Kepuli-TV — Chrome Web Store listing copy
=========================================
The store page does not support Markdown. These texts are deliberately plain
and can be copied as they are. English is the language to choose, because the
interface is in English by default.

The store's reviewers read the description under the "Spam and placement in
the Store" policy (violation reference Yellow Argon). The first submission was
rejected for a list of file extensions in the detailed description. What the
policy forbids, and what this text therefore avoids:
  • lists of keywords, file types, brands or sites: write sentences, and name
    a format only where the sentence needs it, at most a couple per sentence
  • lists of countries or regions: one example at most
  • any one keyword used five times or more (the Spam FAQ says "under 5",
    and counts the primary purpose word too); the audit below every word
    with a meaning stays at four or fewer
  • anonymous testimonials, superlatives, and mentions of competing extensions


--- SHORT DESCRIPTION (field "Description", max 132 characters) ------------
The same text is in manifest.json and firefox/manifest.json, from which the
store reads it automatically. Length 98 characters. A sentence on purpose:
a colon followed by a comma-separated run of nouns reads as a keyword list.

Plays your own Xtream Codes IPTV account in the browser, with a programme guide and MKV subtitles.


--- LONG DESCRIPTION (field "Detailed description", max 16,000 characters) --

Kepuli-TV plays the contents of your own Xtream Codes IPTV account straight in
Chrome. No separate application and no media server: you give the server
address and your credentials, and your live channels, movies and series appear
in the sidebar.

PLEASE NOTE: The extension contains, distributes and relays no content, and it
comes with no provider. You need your own Xtream Codes IPTV account, which you
have obtained yourself. Kepuli-TV is a player and nothing else, and it is
intended solely for viewing content you have the right to view. You are
responsible for ensuring that the service you use is lawful in your own
country.


MATROSKA ON THE FLY

Chrome will not open a Matroska file, even when the picture inside it would be
fine. Kepuli-TV unpacks the MKV container on the fly into a form the built-in
video element accepts. The picture is neither decoded nor re-encoded, so the
work is light and seeking behaves normally.

The audio decides more often than the container: more than half of the
episodes carry a surround-sound track that the browser cannot decode. Those
tracks are decoded on the spot and encoded back with the browser's own
encoder: AAC, or Opus where the browser has no AAC encoder.

Measured on a sample of 23,628 episodes: without this, 44.6% would work; with
it, 93.7%.


SUBTITLES

Subtitle tracks are picked up during the unpacking and handed to the video
element, so they show in full-screen mode too. Below the picture there is a
language selector in alphabetical order and three sizes. The chosen language is
remembered and carries over to the next episode.

Text formats such as SRT show. Bitmap formats are images and cannot be shown.


FAST EVEN WITH ENORMOUS CATALOGUES

A typical catalogue is tens of megabytes and hundreds of thousands of lines.
Kepuli-TV does not load it in one go. It fetches only what you are browsing at
the time: the categories when the connection opens, a country's channels only
when you click it, the whole catalogue only if you search it. One typically
opens within a second or two.

Everything loaded once stays in a local cache, so the next open is instant. The
cache can be cleared from the settings.


CATEGORIES IN A SENSIBLE SHAPE

Providers pack two levels into a single name, such as "Sweden - Sport". They
are split, which condenses hundreds of muddled categories into dozens of
countries in the sidebar and moves the subjects into topic buttons along the
top.

Everything is sorted alphabetically, numbers as numbers included: Rocky 2 comes
before Rocky 10. The sidebar filter matches the second level too: with the word
"sport" you find the places that have a sports category even when their name
lacks the word.


PROGRAMME GUIDE AND ARCHIVE

The guide turns the whole window into a grid: channels as rows, time on the
horizontal axis and a moving now line. The video continues in the corner. The
timeline runs from two days back to five days forward, and where the provider
keeps an archive, a past programme can be started straight from the guide.


FEATURES

• What is on air, with a progress bar, on every row
• A full-window programme guide, with catch-up where an archive exists
• Matroska and its subtitles without an external player
• Series by season, with cover art and episode descriptions; movies with
  their plot and rating
• Files that cannot be shown are marked before you click, and their address
  can be handed to a desktop application with the resume position
• Casting to a Chromecast
• Resume positions remembered for everything on demand
• Favourites and viewing history as tabs of their own, and a favourite can be
  a whole section
• Automatic reconnection when a live stream drops
• Technical details over the picture, and account validity in view
• Keyboard control throughout
• The interface in English and Finnish


LIVE AND ON DEMAND

Live channels arrive as a transport stream and, when needed, as HLS. Automatic
mode tries the transport stream first for its lower latency and falls back to
HLS if it does not start.

On-demand files in the common containers open, MKV included. Left out are the
AVI container and a couple of video codecs with no decoder on board. Those
files are marked before you click, and their address goes to a desktop player
or to the clipboard with a single button.


PRIVACY AND PERMISSIONS

• All data stays on your own machine. The extension sends your details
  nowhere: network requests go only to your own server. The exception is
  logos and cover art, which are fetched from wherever your provider points.
• No tracking, no analytics, no advertising, no user accounts.
• Installation asks for access to no site at all. Chrome asks for the
  permission only when you enter your own server address, and only for that
  one.
• There are no content scripts: the extension does not touch the pages you
  browse.
• Credentials are stored locally on this machine.


--- THE OTHER FIELDS ON THE STORE FORM -------------------------------------

Category (Store listing → Product details → Category):
Entertainment (in the Lifestyle group). Video playback belongs there; the
options in the Productivity group (Workflow & Planning, Tools, Developer
Tools) do not fit.

Language:
English — Finnish is available in the settings, but English is the default.

Single purpose, permissions, remote code and data usage:
In a section of their own at the end of this file — the fields in copyable
form.

Third-party code and licences:
• mpegts.js (Apache-2.0), hls.js (Apache-2.0)
• vendor/ffaudio — an audio decoder built from FFmpeg, LGPL-2.1+; the licence
  text ships in the package (vendor/ffaudio/COPYING.LGPLv2.1).


--- IMAGES (Store listing → Graphic assets) ---------------------------------
All of them live in brand/ and are regenerated with
  uv run --with pillow python3 brand/promo.py

Store icon:            brand/store-icon-128.png
  128x128 PNG with a transparent background. The artwork fits a 96x96 box,
  leaving 16 px of transparent padding on every side, which is what Google
  asks for so the icon does not look bigger than its neighbours.

Small promo tile:      brand/promo-small-440x280.png   (required)
  440x280, 24-bit PNG without alpha. The television, the name and a two-line
  tagline on the dark brand background.

Marquee promo tile:    brand/promo-marquee-1400x560.png   (optional)
  1400x560, 24-bit PNG without alpha. Same composition, one-line tagline.
  Only shown if the store features the extension; harmless to upload.

Screenshots:           brand/screenshots/01-channels.png … 05-movie.png
  1280x800, 24-bit PNG without alpha, five of them, in this order:
    01  a country's channels with programme data, a channel playing
    02  the programme guide
    03  a series: cover, plot, seasons, episodes
    04  an MKV episode with English subtitles on screen
    05  a movie with its details below the player
  All content on them is invented: they come from the mock server in
  dev/mock/, via node dev/store-screenshots.mjs (see the README).


--- TEST INSTRUCTIONS (Privacy practices → Test instructions) --------------
The extension needs the user's own account. No hosted demo is offered.
For review, dev/mock/ contains a local server and generated-media script;
the README explains how to run it. These replacement instructions must also
be updated in the store dashboard before the old test deployment is retired.
The credentials below apply only to the local test fixture.

Username:  demo
Password:  demo

Additional instructions:

Local review fixture: clone github.com/BigTimeSam/kepuli-tv, install Node 22+ and FFmpeg, run sh dev/mock/media.sh, then node dev/mock/server.mjs. In Settings use Xtream Codes, HTTP, server 127.0.0.1, port 8790, username demo, password demo. Connect, choose Finland and a channel; press g for the guide. Series > Nordic Noir > Silent Fjord tests MKV subtitles; the second episode tests AC-3 audio. The fixture contains only invented content and runs on your machine.


--- THE PRIVACY PRACTICES TAB ----------------------------------------------
The fields below are written for the reviewer. The character limits are 1,000
per field; all of them fit.


SINGLE PURPOSE DESCRIPTION (815 characters)
-------------------------------------------
Kepuli-TV does one thing: it plays back the user's own IPTV subscription in the browser.

The user enters the address and credentials of an Xtream Codes server they already pay for. The extension lists that account's live channels, movies and series and plays them in its own tab, together with the programme guide the server provides.

The extension ships no content, no channel list and no account of its own; it is useless without an account the user brings. It has no content scripts and never touches the pages the user browses - clicking the toolbar icon opens the extension's own tab and nothing else. Every feature serves that single purpose: fetching the account's catalogue, remuxing MKV to fMP4 so Chrome can play it, decoding AC-3/E-AC-3/DTS audio, showing subtitles, and remembering playback positions.


STORAGE JUSTIFICATION (855 characters)
--------------------------------------
chrome.storage.local holds only what the player cannot work without:

1) The connection the user configures - their own IPTV server address, port, username and password - so the credentials are not retyped every time the player tab is opened.
2) Playback preferences: interface language, subtitle language and size, and stream mode.
3) The user's own lists: favourites, recently watched, and the resume position per movie and episode.

All of it is written by the user's own actions inside the extension's own tab, stays on the device, and is never transmitted anywhere - the extension has no backend and no analytics. Without this permission the user would have to re-enter their server address and credentials on every launch, and no favourite, history entry or resume position could survive a page reload.


UNLIMITEDSTORAGE JUSTIFICATION (688 characters)
-----------------------------------------------
The catalogue returned by the user's own IPTV server is cached in IndexedDB so it is not re-downloaded on every launch. These catalogues are large: tens of megabytes of JSON for channels, movies and series, and programme guide data per channel. That routinely exceeds the default quota Chrome grants an extension. When the quota is hit, cache writes fail and the user waits through a full re-download of a multi-megabyte listing on every navigation, which makes the extension unusable on normal IPTV accounts.

No personal data is stored under this permission - only a copy of the listing the user's own server returned. The cache can be cleared from the extension's settings at any time.


HOST PERMISSION JUSTIFICATION (686 characters)
----------------------------------------------
This field appears only if the store asks about host permissions. The manifest
declares optional_host_permissions rather than host_permissions, so the field
may not appear at all.

The extension does not request host access at install time. http://*/* and https://*/* are declared under optional_host_permissions only, and Chrome asks for the permission at runtime - for the single origin the user typed - the first time they save their own server address.

The permission is needed because an IPTV server can be at any address and that address is unknowable before installation; the user brings it. Access is used solely for fetch/XHR against that server: the player_api.php endpoint, and the HLS/TS segment requests made by hls.js and mpegts.js. The extension has no content scripts, injects nothing into web pages, and reads no data from any site the user browses.


ARE YOU USING REMOTE CODE?
--------------------------
The choice: "No, I am not using Remote code".

Justification (706 characters), if the field is open:

No remote code is used. Every script and binary the extension executes ships inside the package: mpegts.js and hls.js under vendor/, and an audio decoder compiled from FFmpeg to WebAssembly at vendor/ffaudio/, loaded with fetch() from the extension's own chrome-extension:// path. There are no <script> tags referencing external files, no remote module imports, no eval() and no new Function().

The manifest CSP is "script-src 'self' 'wasm-unsafe-eval'; object-src 'self'". The 'wasm-unsafe-eval' keyword is required only to instantiate that packaged .wasm file; no remote origin appears in script-src. Network requests fetch media and catalogue data from the IPTV server the user configures - never code.


DATA USAGE — THE CHECKBOXES
---------------------------
Tick:
  [x] Authentication information

Leave every other box unticked:
  [ ] Personally identifiable information — no name, e-mail address or
      identity number is asked for
  [ ] Health information
  [ ] Financial and payment information — the extension handles no payments
  [ ] Personal communications
  [ ] Location — no geolocation; the user's own server sees their IP, but that
      is the provider's traffic and not something the extension collects
  [ ] Web history — no content scripts, no access to browsing history
  [ ] User activity — favourites, history and resume positions stay on the
      device and are sent nowhere
  [ ] Website content — the extension does not read the contents of the pages
      being browsed

Why Authentication information is ticked even though nothing is sent to the
developer: the user enters their IPTV credentials into the extension, and in
the manner of the Xtream Codes API those are passed in the request URL to the
user's own server. The store's definition of "user data" covers data received
from the user, and asking for credentials without the tick is a known
rejection reason ("incomplete data disclosure"). The tick is not a problem: all
three certifications (not sold, not used outside the single purpose, not used
for creditworthiness) hold true, and the privacy policy states that the
credentials stay on the device and travel only to the user's own server.

Certifications: tick all three.


PRIVACY POLICY URL
------------------
https://bigtimesam.github.io/kepuli-tv/privacy/

Terms of use (not a mandatory field; it can be linked from the description):
https://bigtimesam.github.io/kepuli-tv/terms/


HOMEPAGE URL AND SUPPORT URL (Store listing → Additional fields)
----------------------------------------------------------------
Homepage URL:  https://bigtimesam.github.io/kepuli-tv/
Support URL:   https://github.com/BigTimeSam/kepuli-tv/issues

The homepage is README.md rendered as a page by node dev/site.mjs; the
privacy policy and the terms of use are under it at /privacy/ and
/terms/.

The source of the page is in this repository: docs/privacy/index.html (one
file, no dependencies). The address has to be public and require no sign-in.
